hello everyone Travis here for Travis
cafard I'm joined right now by who he
how's it going Hui good how are you good
good it's been an interesting week for
me but I'm good now that was a really
weird batch I just watched between you
and fly quests I literally like I parked
out on the street sometimes and I didn't
I was like okay I don't need to put
money in the meter because CLG only used
to kill literally one turret and then
the Nexus and you guys didn't kill the
turret in the Nexus but somebody else
killed your Nexus I was not anticipating
that at all I might have a parking
ticket
what why did you guys finish out that
second game so um obviously like after
the clean first game we obviously
obviously expected all for us to do
better than even the first game so we
expected to be shorter or cleaner but
even though the early game wasn't that
clean like we started to get laid and we
were going to win the game and I guess
like people weren't like disciplined
enough so they started to make their own
play when we don't want to do those so
that we can end the game as fast as
possible people want to make like their
own play like popping off like 1v3
flashing in and something like that and
then when at the end like we lost a
fight and then they got the baron and
they just a scaled us pretty hard
because they had to Rihanna and Caitlyn
so yeah it was a pretty unlucky set that
we weren't disciplined enough so we were
pretty mad at each other but we kind of
like resolve that problem on post game
so while we came back in game 3
were you not disciplined all say their
only game I wasn't disciplined because I
died talking that we knew where all this
was but later on I mean everyone
everyone makes mistakes but I just
matters which one affected more so all
of us made this undisciplined player now
doc said and the postgame interview that
you were popping off as you weren't a
one-trick
is that stuff true I mean duh okay yeah
so well so after I started we started to
play play with Josh our like scrim
result is really good like we started to
like work each other really well like
especially me and Josh so there's a lot
of times with that in scrims that me and
Josh like wins the game and it's just a
pretty new feeling for me because I now
have like a aggressive jungler that has
like his strong opinion and I have my
strong opinion too so we just like kind
of try to meet in the middle and it
works pretty well so we're pretty happy
yeah I mean what do you how do you feel
about your own play this split because
it certainly it feels like the split
kind of this year as a whole has been
very different than last year for you um
I mean I don't think it's that
difference like my play why well I think
we're definitely like being more smarter
and then we're like discipline like I
think we're actually like getting up
there and like can be like the
international level competitor so we're
just trying to like get really
consistent on what we're good at and
we're pretty sick but I mean last year I
feel like a lot of fans and analysts
give you a lot of and they're like
a movie I don't know but this year I
feel like it's the opposite where people
are giving you a lot of credit you don't
think that there's been any change in
your play they're just like you know I
don't know maybe the team's just working
better
oh well personally I always think like
midlane is a not really 1v1 so as my
team learned how it told her to figure I
mean it is no longer one itespecially
faker because whenever I play versus
taker for example in international
tournament like they have perfect vision
around them and then they know how to
play around him and he's like really
mechanically like good player so with
that like the foundation he can just pop
off every game well like if you don't
have that foundation even though like
I'm mechanic
like talented I cannot really use it and
now like my team is like helping me a
lot
getting those foundation and then yeah
we're just getting all better and better
playing around this dry rock is off
camera right now worked were you
blushing when he said those really nice
things about you in the postgame
interviewer did you even know now I was
so blessed oh really yeah
so blushed all right Edie does he say
those things about you like that all the
time yeah I actually don't understand
why people call in toxic because he's
not I mean have you seen a movie called
Breaking Point I think I you should
watch that if you want to know why I
think that's a little different
all right well it's good to know that
you guys are getting along so well I
what do you think where do you see CLG
placing at the end of the split first
first boom there we go just instantly
like that is there anything you want to
say to any of the fans out there um well
I will be even more confident if like
our game to or like clean but our game
one is like what we want to go for like
a clean snowball to like a team that
cannot be contested like on objectives
so ah
we'll just try to get better and better
and show you guys that we can so thanks
for cheering for us a lot and we love
you guys see thank you so much who he /
when else you can take the rest of all
my eSports coverage on the Internet
which is where it is now thanks so much
hey keep this channel ad free keep using
adblock or feel free to support me offer
at Travis gaffer comm slash support